
Why this repo ?

 Over the course of my professional experince as of this writing , I have worked with 3 codebases and from my experince , I realised that even while I was writing good code there was always something I was missing and when submitted for code reviews, I would get feedback on how to improve the code. This is where I realised the importance of writing clean code and how it can help in the long run.  While my code was improving sometimes I missed out on acheiveing a object and while I tested by manually doing a behaviour driven development, I realised that I was missing out on some edge cases. This is where I realised the importance of Test Driven Development.  THe first time I came across TDD was in my university and I hated it right away , I mean come on who wants to write  tests before writing the code , I felt it's more work. Boy was I wrong and it cost me  something great never again. Part of the journey was learning from the experince. 

 So I went back started from the theory from Unlce Bob itself by reading his book [Clean Code](https://www.amazon.co.uk/Clean-Code-Handbook-Software-Craftsmanship/dp/0132350882) and understanding in depth about the importance of writing clean code and how it can help in the long run.  Now this had to be practical and use to me , while I knew JUnit for Java , I needed something that was suitable for my current proffesional and basic search queries queries I came across this website [Intro to TDD with Next.js](https://learntdd.in/next/). This was a great start and I started to learn about TDD in Next.js.